Add endpoints to LLM evaluation docs (#10660)
mlflow/mlflow: docs/source/llms/llm-evaluate/index.rst

* :py:func:`mlflow.metrics.genai.relevance`: Use this metric when you want to evaluate how relevant the model generated output is with respect to both the input and the context. High scores mean that the model has understood the context and correct extracted relevant information from the context, while low score mean that output has completely ignored the question and the context and could be hallucinating.
* :py:func:`mlflow.metrics.genai.faithfulness`: Use this metric when you want to evaluate how faithful the model generated output is based on the context provided. High scores mean that the outputs contain information that is in line with the context, while low scores mean that outputs may disagree with the context (input is ignored).

Selecting the LLM-as-judge Model
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> By default, llm-as-judge metrics use ``openai:/gpt-4`` as the judge. you can change it by passing. In addition to OpenAI models, you can also use any endpoint via MLflow Deployments. Use :py:func:`mlflow.deployments.set_deployments_target` to set the target deployment client.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, llm-as-judge metrics use ``openai:/gpt-4`` as the judge. You can change the default judge model by passing an override to the ``model`` argument within the metric definition, as shown below. In addition to OpenAI models, you can also use any endpoint via MLflow Deployments. Use :py:func:`mlflow.deployments.set_deployments_target` to set the target deployment client.
```
